app/content/manage-import-job-importers.mdx, before:

---
title: Job Importers Overview
description: High-level overview of each job importer, including implementation style and fragility.
---

# Job Importers Overview

This page documents how each importer works at a high level so we can quickly understand risk and maintenance cost.

## Core ATS Importers

| Importer | How it works | Implementation style | Reliability |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Greenhouse | Calls Greenhouse public JSON API (`boards-api.greenhouse.io`), maps jobs directly. | Clean API integration. | High |
| Lever | Calls Lever public postings API (`api.lever.co`), builds description from structured sections. | Clean API integration. | High |
| BambooHR | Calls BambooHR JSON endpoints (`/careers/list` and per-job `/detail`). | Clean API integration with detail fetch pass. | High |
| Workday | Uses Workday JSON endpoints (`/wday/cxs/...`) with browser-like user agent and custom identifier parsing. | API-based, but has platform quirks. | Medium-High |
| Ashby | Scrapes HTML page, extracts embedded `window.__appData`, then fetches each job detail page similarly. | Structured data extraction from HTML shell. | Medium |
| Rippling | Scrapes HTML page, extracts embedded `__NEXT_DATA__`, then fetches each job detail page. | Structured data extraction from framework internals. | Medium |
| Collage | Scrapes rendered HTML and parses listing/detail content using regex-based patterns. | Direct HTML parsing. | Medium-Low |
| Custom | Dispatches to per-company custom scrapers. Some use APIs; many parse bespoke HTML. | Mixed, often site-specific. | Mixed (Medium to Low) |

## Notes By Importer

### Greenhouse

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/greenhouse.server.ts`
- Approach: Public API with optional `content=true` for descriptions.
- Assessment: Clean and straightforward. Lowest maintenance burden.

### Lever

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/lever.server.ts`
- Approach: Public API for listing and optional single-job detail.
- Assessment: Clean and stable in practice.

### BambooHR

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/bamboohr.server.ts`
- Approach: JSON listing + per-job JSON detail fetch.
- Assessment: Clean; a little extra network cost because details are fetched one-by-one.

### Workday

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/workday.server.ts`
- Approach: JSON API via `POST` to Workday `cxs` endpoints, then detail requests per posting.
- Quirks: Requires browser-like user agent to avoid blocking; source identifier encoding is slightly custom (`company:site[:searchText]`).
- Assessment: Mostly clean but has implementation quirks due to Workday behavior.

### Ashby

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/ashby.server.ts`
- Approach: Reads `window.__appData` out of HTML for both list and details.
- Assessment: Not as fragile as blind HTML scraping, but still coupled to page bootstrap internals.

### Rippling

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/rippling.server.ts`
- Approach: Reads `__NEXT_DATA__` from Next.js pages and extracts dehydrated query payloads.
- Assessment: Similar to Ashby: structured, but tied to frontend serialization details.

### Collage

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/collage.server.ts`
- Approach: Regex-driven parsing of rendered HTML on listing and detail pages.
- Assessment: More brittle than API-based importers; likely to need updates when templates change.

### Custom Dispatcher

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/custom.server.ts`
- Approach: Chooses a company-specific scraper by `sourceIdentifier`.
- Assessment: Useful escape hatch, but inherently maintenance-heavy.

## Custom Scrapers

| Scraper | Implementation | Style | Reliability |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `c-core` | WordPress REST API (`wp-json/wp/v2/pages`) for structured job pages. | API-based | Medium-High |
| `triware` | WordPress REST API (WP Job Manager endpoints, tries multiple slugs). | API-based | Medium-High |
| `rutter` | WordPress REST API for careers page, then parses HTML in content blob. | API + content parsing | Medium |
| `strobeltek` | Splits inline WordPress/Elementor HTML by text markers. | HTML parsing (regex/heuristic) | Low-Medium |
| `virtual-marine` | Parses Squarespace careers HTML (`h3` sections and marker text). | HTML parsing (regex/heuristic) | Low-Medium |
| `netbenefit` | Parses Webflow CMS output blocks (`w-dyn-item`). | HTML parsing with stable class conventions | Medium |
| `enaimco` | Parses WordPress ACF section between specific headings. | HTML parsing (section-bound) | Low-Medium |
| `focusfs` | Parses category-style hiring list under “We’re Hiring”. | HTML parsing (semi-structured) | Medium |
| `compusult` | Parses Liferay rich-text blocks after “Opportunity Available” marker. | HTML parsing (complex heuristics) | Low |
| `bluedrop` | Parses WordPress toggle plugin markup with fallback heading scan. | HTML parsing with fallback strategy | Low-Medium |

## Practical Summary

- Cleanest overall: Greenhouse, Lever, BambooHR.
- Most operationally quirky but still API-oriented: Workday.
- Most likely to break on frontend changes: Collage and many `custom` scrapers.
- Best long-term strategy: Prefer provider APIs where available and reserve `custom` for unavoidable cases.

Commit message:

Expand Workday importer risk notes
- document aggressive Cloudflare blocking on some Workday tenants\n- note possible manual browser-console extraction fallback

app/content/manage-import-job-importers.mdx, after:

---
title: Job Importers Overview
description: High-level overview of each job importer, including implementation style and fragility.
---

# Job Importers Overview

This page documents how each importer works at a high level so we can quickly understand risk and maintenance cost.

## Core ATS Importers

| Importer | How it works | Implementation style | Reliability |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Greenhouse | Calls Greenhouse public JSON API (`boards-api.greenhouse.io`), maps jobs directly. | Clean API integration. | High |
| Lever | Calls Lever public postings API (`api.lever.co`), builds description from structured sections. | Clean API integration. | High |
| BambooHR | Calls BambooHR JSON endpoints (`/careers/list` and per-job `/detail`). | Clean API integration with detail fetch pass. | High |
| Workday | Uses Workday JSON endpoints (`/wday/cxs/...`) with browser-like user agent and custom identifier parsing. | API-based, but has platform quirks. | Medium-High |
| Ashby | Scrapes HTML page, extracts embedded `window.__appData`, then fetches each job detail page similarly. | Structured data extraction from HTML shell. | Medium |
| Rippling | Scrapes HTML page, extracts embedded `__NEXT_DATA__`, then fetches each job detail page. | Structured data extraction from framework internals. | Medium |
| Collage | Scrapes rendered HTML and parses listing/detail content using regex-based patterns. | Direct HTML parsing. | Medium-Low |
| Custom | Dispatches to per-company custom scrapers. Some use APIs; many parse bespoke HTML. | Mixed, often site-specific. | Mixed (Medium to Low) |

## Notes By Importer

### Greenhouse

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/greenhouse.server.ts`
- Approach: Public API with optional `content=true` for descriptions.
- Assessment: Clean and straightforward. Lowest maintenance burden.

### Lever

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/lever.server.ts`
- Approach: Public API for listing and optional single-job detail.
- Assessment: Clean and stable in practice.

### BambooHR

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/bamboohr.server.ts`
- Approach: JSON listing + per-job JSON detail fetch.
- Assessment: Clean; a little extra network cost because details are fetched one-by-one.

### Workday

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/workday.server.ts`
- Approach: JSON API via `POST` to Workday `cxs` endpoints, then detail requests per posting.
- Quirks: Cloudflare protection on some Workday tenants can be quite aggressive and may still block automation even with browser-like headers. Source identifier encoding is slightly custom (`company:site[:searchText]`).
- Fallback: We may need a custom/manual workflow for some tenants (for example, a human opening the jobs page and running console JavaScript to extract payloads, then importing that output).
- Assessment: Functionally API-oriented, but operationally fragile because anti-bot behavior is outside our control.

### Ashby

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/ashby.server.ts`
- Approach: Reads `window.__appData` out of HTML for both list and details.
- Assessment: Not as fragile as blind HTML scraping, but still coupled to page bootstrap internals.

### Rippling

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/rippling.server.ts`
- Approach: Reads `__NEXT_DATA__` from Next.js pages and extracts dehydrated query payloads.
- Assessment: Similar to Ashby: structured, but tied to frontend serialization details.

### Collage

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/collage.server.ts`
- Approach: Regex-driven parsing of rendered HTML on listing and detail pages.
- Assessment: More brittle than API-based importers; likely to need updates when templates change.

### Custom Dispatcher

- Source: `app/lib/job-importers/custom.server.ts`
- Approach: Chooses a company-specific scraper by `sourceIdentifier`.
- Assessment: Useful escape hatch, but inherently maintenance-heavy.

## Custom Scrapers

| Scraper | Implementation | Style | Reliability |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `c-core` | WordPress REST API (`wp-json/wp/v2/pages`) for structured job pages. | API-based | Medium-High |
| `triware` | WordPress REST API (WP Job Manager endpoints, tries multiple slugs). | API-based | Medium-High |
| `rutter` | WordPress REST API for careers page, then parses HTML in content blob. | API + content parsing | Medium |
| `strobeltek` | Splits inline WordPress/Elementor HTML by text markers. | HTML parsing (regex/heuristic) | Low-Medium |
| `virtual-marine` | Parses Squarespace careers HTML (`h3` sections and marker text). | HTML parsing (regex/heuristic) | Low-Medium |
| `netbenefit` | Parses Webflow CMS output blocks (`w-dyn-item`). | HTML parsing with stable class conventions | Medium |
| `enaimco` | Parses WordPress ACF section between specific headings. | HTML parsing (section-bound) | Low-Medium |
| `focusfs` | Parses category-style hiring list under “We’re Hiring”. | HTML parsing (semi-structured) | Medium |
| `compusult` | Parses Liferay rich-text blocks after “Opportunity Available” marker. | HTML parsing (complex heuristics) | Low |
| `bluedrop` | Parses WordPress toggle plugin markup with fallback heading scan. | HTML parsing with fallback strategy | Low-Medium |

## Practical Summary

- Cleanest overall: Greenhouse, Lever, BambooHR.
- Most operationally quirky but still API-oriented: Workday.
- Most likely to break on frontend changes: Collage and many `custom` scrapers.
- Best long-term strategy: Prefer provider APIs where available and reserve `custom` for unavoidable cases.
